MARKET-1620 Parallax (#217)
Backendless/ui-builder-library: components/bl-parallax-component/README.md

# Parallax

Parallax is a component of Backendless UI-Builder designer. This allows you to add image with content and parallax effect.

## Example
<img src="./image-examples/parallax-example.gif" width="600" height="300" />

<br />

## Properties

| Property | Type   | Default Value | Logic           | Data Binding | UI Setting | Description                                                                         |
| -------- | ------ | ------------- | --------------- | ------------ | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| imageUrl | Text   |               | Image URl Logic | YES          | YES        | Allows to determine image URL                                                       |

> | strength | Number | 200           | Strength Logic  | YES          | YES        | Allows to determine the strength of parallax. Low value is 100. Height value is 800 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| strength | Number | 200           | Strength Logic  | YES          | YES        | Allows to determine the strength of parallax. The value should be between 100(low) and 2000(high) |
```

> | Property | Type   | Default Value | Logic           | Data Binding | UI Setting | Description                                                                         |
> | -------- | ------ | ------------- | --------------- | ------------ | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | imageUrl | Text   |               | Image URl Logic | YES          | YES        | Allows to determine image URL                                                       |
> | strength | Number | 200           | Strength Logic  | YES          | YES        | Allows to determine the strength of parallax. The value should be between 100(low) and 2000(high) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property | Type   | Default Value | Logic           | Data Binding | UI Setting | Description                                                                                       |
|----------|--------|---------------|-----------------|--------------|------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| imageUrl | Text   |               | Image URl Logic | YES          | YES        | Allows to determine image URL                                                                     |
| strength | Number | 200           | Strength Logic  | YES          | YES        | Allows to determine the strength of parallax. The value should be between 100(low) and 2000(high) |
```
